What to check
You can't be Mr. Gu at all
Pretty clown, give me your phone
Here it is.
Are you really Mr. Gu?
I don't like to talk nonsense
Mr. Gu, we didn't know it was you.
We were wrong.
You have a lot.
Don't you know us in general?
Did you just
Say you want me to apologize?
No no no no
I'm talking nonsense, haha, Mr. Gu
Why are you dressed like this?
Your family's status in Haicheng is as humble as ants
What right do you have to ask me?
Hey, Mr. Gu, oops.
I was wrong.
Act vividly
Are you fake?
Dare to bully my wife and son
Apologize to them immediately
Hahaha
Young lady, young master, wait a minute
Mr. Gu is the richest man in Haicheng
That's the best
How can it be possible to wear Minggong clothes?
So you are not Mr. Gu's husband at all
Don't talk nonsense.
The person on the official website just now was obviously him
He just looks exactly like Mr. Gu